fix(content): Remove duplicate trigger definitions (#12040)
endless-sky/endless-sky: data/human/free worlds 3 reconciliation.txt

		ship "Gunboat (Mark II)" "Eye of Horus"
	
	on visit

> 		dialog `You land on <planet>, but realize that your escort carrying Katya and Sawyer hasn't entered the system yet. Better depart and wait for it to arrive.`

Reviewer: Raven and her ship are also required to be here to complete the mission.
```suggestion
		dialog `You land on <planet>, but realize that not all of Katya, Sawyer, and Raven have arrived. Better depart and wait for the ships they are aboard.`
```
